NEXT-29168 - Add composer dependency security update guide (#1020)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/installation-updates/cluster-setup.md

For obtaining security fixes, without version upgrades, we provide a dedicated [Security plugin](https://store.shopware.com/swag136939272659f/shopware-6-sicherheits-plugin.html). This is compatible with all Shopware versions and corresponding hot fixes are only included in versions that are affected.

### Update of composer dependencies

> It may happen that third-party dependencies are affected by security vulnerabilities. In that case, a new shopware version will be released with a version of the dependency where the security vulnerability is already fixed. If an update to the latest shopware version in a timely manner is not possible, it is recommended to update the affected dependency manually. This can be done by using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the security of your Shopware installation, it's essential to be vigilant about third-party dependencies that might be affected by security vulnerabilities. In that case, a new Shopware version will be released with updated dependencies. If an update to the latest Shopware version in a timely manner is not possible, it is recommended to update the affected dependency manually. This can be done by using the following command:
```

```text
 composer update <dependency-name>
```

>  To check if there is a dependency currently installed that has known vulnerabilities, it makes sense to regularly run the [`composer audit`](https://getcomposer.org/doc/03-cli.md#audit) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To identify any potential security risk in your current dependencies, it's a good practice to regularly run the [`composer audit`](https://getcomposer.org/doc/03-cli.md#audit) command. This command scans your dependencies and alerts you if there are any known vulnerabilities that need to be addressed.
```
